In this video I'm going to show you how to download and install the two bits of free software that you
need for this cause on a Mac.
If you're not working on a Mac then just jump straight on to the next video.
Now as I've mentioned before we're going to be using Chrome as our browser for this course if you use
a different browser such as Firefox Internet Explorer or Safari then you're welcome to carry on with
that browser.
But I'd recommend switching to Chrome because then you'll see exactly the same as what I'm showing you
here on the videos.
So to get chrome just type download chrome into Google and click on the top result and you'll get to
this page.
Click on the blue download chrome button and then accept and install that will then download the file
to install Chrome and then you just click on that and go through the process.
I can't do that for you because I've already got chrome installed but it's pretty straightforward.
All right so now you've got chrome up and running.
We're going to install our second bit of software which is called brackets and this is our text editor
that we're going to be using very much to edit text so you can see what it looks like there.
We've got some very nicely indented and colored code there and we can be writing code that looks just
like that.
As with crime there are a number of different text that is out there.
And if you use a different one and you like that one then just stick with it.
But if you've never used it before then use brackets.
It's a very good one and it's what I'll be using in the course so to download it just go to bracket's
dot I-O in your browser and I would click the download brackets without extract button.
You probably don't want to extract have a little scroll down and see what extract does.
If you want see it's free but we won't be using it in this call so to keep things simple I'd go for
the without extract option and then as before when it's completed the download which is going to click
on that and run through the install process it doesn't take very long.
So we're just verifying the DMG file which is going to install the app for us.
And then when it's done you should get the option to drag brackets into your applications which will
then complete the install process.
It doesn't take very long.
All right.
Now that's completed.
I'm going to use command space to open up spotlight and just start typing brackets and it should pop
up.
There it is.
So there's brackets.
And here it is.
So this is our text that is that we're going to be working with.
And here's a sample file that it starts off with and a note about usage statistics which I personally
think is fine.
And here we've just got a sample HGL file which we can ignore for now.
And one change I'm going to make before we start writing some HDMI out is to get rid of this sidebar
on the left so I'm going to do that using Heit sidebar and that just gives me a bit more room to work
with you can do the same if you like.
If you want to look exactly the same as me I'd recommend that.
But there we go you have chrome and brackets which are the only two bits of software that you need for
this course.
And we'll start from an empty page on brackets in the next lecture.
So you.